Business / Charity goal:
A country healthcare comparison site to campaign for regulated, low price, semi-privatised healthcare in the UK and across the world.

Full stack website with a data driven API?
What does data driven mean?

Interactive Page: Search a country, compare it to yours. Overview shows you if its better or worse.
(sounds like this is the fundamental product here)

- Proposal page to make improvements?


Page: Running a blog that includes regular stories related to the topic. (Optional Extra)
Sounds like a simple react page, but do you want to host?  

UK 
- free but huge tax burden leads to circle of dismantling and rebuilding by right wing and left wing parties
- experiences in south korea make me think nhs should no longer be free, but cheap
- free healthcare in the UK subsidized to businesses has become exploitation of the tax payer rather than 
fair market economics in action, low quality for business profit etc
- fear of the american system leads to UK citizens desperate to keep the NHS, which misses the point, 
the US isn't only the country in the world but it feels like the only one we hear about

South Korea successfully executes a system where centralised taxation occurs but healthcare is part paid by the customer
Comparison example
Treatment which has an 18 month waiting list or a 7000 pound price in UK 
costs 180 pound and takes a week in South Korea.

How do you quantify that?
- Covid death toll
- consumer satisfaction
- are there other products making these comparisons already?

In the context of the portfolio / job hunt:
Build a prototype of the core product -> the comparison site.

Frontend - mobile app is best (next.js web app desirable)
Keep it simple! -> just the product, don't get bogged down in the promotion,
this is a backend technology exploration first and foremost

Backend - csharp API with desired tech to explore
API on Azure -> can you make it free tier with an App Service?
200 entries, one for each country. API can be public to cut costs.

Once you have the prototype app, you can use it during campaigning to
show during networking.